Empress, please accept the order.
father-in-law
If the minister wants to withdraw from the draft at this moment, is it still too late?
Empress Yuanping, it's too late for you to back down now
If you should return it
You must know the result of this resistance
Hahaha, we retire.
He actually skipped the promise to always be a noble person
directly seal the concubine
This is really unheard of
Why canonize him only one
The emperor doesn't even look at us
The emperor wants to announce the imperial concubine
Attend the Winter Solstice Banquet in three days
Thank you Emperor Long
Empress please get up
Thank you for making this trip, Empress
This is your only pet
You are so good, thank you for this face.
What's wrong with my face?
Minions retire
Father-in-law, congratulations to the lady who just entered the palace
Received the favor of the emperor
Miss, you don't look very happy.
Lilo, I went from a beauty to a concubine
Only a few days after entering the palace, he was allowed to participate in the winter solstice banquet
This is not something you can participate in casually
But I always feel that this is not the emperor's favor for me
There's something else going on.
Miss, I don't understand what you said about Luluo
Anyway, in this palace wall
Criminals should be very careful
To avoid being framed
Eternal Doom